https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_L1w3DAcnU 

Title: Gordon Ramsay Makes A Mushroom Omelette In Morocco
标题：戈登 拉姆齐在摩洛哥做蘑菇欧姆蛋

Gordon: There’s little dirt in the morels...hey we are in the mountains, what do you expect?
戈登：羊肚菌里有一点土...但嘿，我们现在在山里，你还指望什么？

(SCRAMBLED:MOROCCO)
（大杂烩：摩洛哥篇）

Gordon: This one...i mean that's the most amazing wild mushroom.In with the morels
戈登：这个蘑菇...我觉得这是最棒的野生蘑菇。加入羊肚菌。

Gordon: Omelette, first, olive oil in, get that piping hot.
戈登：欧姆蛋的做法，第一步，倒橄榄油, 把锅子烧到滚烫。

Gordon: Ceps. Chanterelle. And girolles. Wow！
戈登：牛肝菌，黄丝菌，以及鸡油菌。哇！

Gordon: A pinch of salt, in.
戈登：加适量的盐。

Gordon: I mean...pretty well...the best Omelette anywhere, delicious.And it was spiced by those mushrooms.
戈登：我觉得...这基本上就是天下第一的欧姆蛋，真香。蘑菇刚好给它增添了额外的香气。

Gordon: It's almost like equivalent of an Indian Garam Masala. Its all different depending what region you are in the Atlas Mountain, Beautiful.
戈登：它基本上就是印度葛拉姆马萨拉，价格会以你在阿拉特斯山脉的什么地区来决定, 真完美。

Gordon: Really important to take the water out of those mushrooms, otherwise the egg will really watery. And nicely now to get some colour on those mushrooms. 
戈登：重点是把蘑菇里的水份蒸发，要不然欧姆蛋就会变得水水的。这也是个给蘑菇上色的好时机。

Gordon: Come on, after foraging for those mushroom rappelling down a waterfall, trust me. You know i’m a big lover of scramble egg...and Omelettes.
戈登：来，在瀑布底处找了这些蘑菇之后，其他就交给我吧，你知道我是西式炒蛋的忠实爱好者的...还有欧姆蛋。

Gordon: So perfect Omelette, eggs...in, don’t season it ‘til we start cooking it. Eggs in, let's make it a generous Omelette shall we?
戈登：完美的欧姆蛋的要点，下...蛋，在我们开始加热蛋之前别调味。下蛋，我们来做个大号的欧姆蛋吧。

Gordon: From there, lightly fork the eggs. Pull those mushroom come out, little touch of butter in there. All the water has gone so you can see the colour on the mushroom now.
戈登：现在，轻轻的用叉子搅拌鸡蛋液。我们回到蘑菇，加一点点的黄油在里面。蘑菇里的水份几乎消失了，现在它的颜色已经不同了。

Gordon: I have kept the heat in the pan, so we got that nice, sauté flavour as opposed to boiling mushrooms. Look at those, so good...so good.
戈登：我一直把火开着，所以我们得到焦香且美味的蘑菇，而不是变成水煮蘑菇。看看它们，完美至极...完美至极。

Gordon: Now, once those mushrooms have reduce in size, got the colour on there...okay...flatten them out, let's go we have to be quick now okay? Season into the eggs, a touch of Ras-el-Hanout,  mix, and then she goes. straight on.
戈登：好，当蘑菇开始缩水，上了色...好...就把他们平均的摊开。我们需要动作快一点。好吗？给蛋调味，加适量的北非综合香料，搅拌均匀，然后下锅.就是这么直接。

Gordon: Now work that, okay? Work it! Cook the eggs, and that's what happen when you work it. So you are work in the pan, we take it in o a stage where its just a little bit liquid in the centre. Don't worry about keeping mixing it over, the idea is to get all of the egg nicely cooked. I even distribution those mushrooms, and look flat it all out nicely, okay? 
戈登：现在不停移动它，明白了吗？移动它！当你不停的移动它时蛋会被炒熟。继续移动它，直到只有中间的很小部分是液体状。不用担心炒过头，这个步骤的意义就是把蛋完美的炒熟。我甚至把蘑菇平均的分散了开来，看这有多美丽，是不是？

Gordon:  And a lightly season that in the centre, and then from there, some goat cheese， sprinkle that on and that’s gonna give that nice, salty flavour to the Omelette. And now, let it start to melt.
戈登：在蛋饼的中间调味，之后撒上一些山羊起司就会得到一些恰到好处的咸味。现在我们要让它融化。

Gordon: Take the chill, i just lift the bottom of Omelette from the pan. Spatula, and i want you to do...literally...let the pan do the work (shit). How we do that... let the pan do the work, tilt the pan and literally just fold a little bit now...get in...cheese is just time to melt...tilt the pan as it goes down, let it roll around, and finally, And that is a beautiful Omelette...Boom！
戈登：在等待起司融化的时候，我需要把欧姆蛋的底部和平底锅底分开。铲子，然后我想要你...字面意义上的...让锅子来运动 （淦）我们要做...让锅子来运动，倾斜平底锅然后折叠一下蛋饼...卷进去...起司刚刚好融化...随着蛋饼卷曲慢慢的倾斜锅子，让它转一圈，然后终于，多么美丽的一个欧姆蛋阿，嘭！

Gordon: And there we go the most amazing Omelette, serve with incredible porcini, morel, chanterelle, probably the most expensive Omelette, tonight in the outlast mountains. Well, F**king delicious! Even though there’s little dirt in the morels...hey we are in the mountains, what do you expect?
戈登：这就是我们的完美欧姆蛋，佐牛肝菌，羊肚菌，黄丝菌，在这荒无人烟的山脉里，有可能是最贵的欧姆蛋。好吃，真他X的好吃！虽然羊肚菌里有一点土...但嘿，我们现在在山里，你还指望什么？
