https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PZzZDzEluY

開大鐵鍋

哈喽大家好我是王剛
Hello everyone, this is Wang Gang.

之前一直有很多粉絲問我們鑄鐵鍋怎麼樣來開
Previously, lots of fans asked us how to season a cast iron wok?

就是農家土灶這種
Specifically, the stone hearth type (of wok) used by farmers.

今天正好有這個機會跟大家分享
Today, we happen to have the opportunity to share it with everyone.

這就是前幾天買的灶(鍋)
This is the "Zao" (large wok) we bought a few days earlier.

先拿出來清理一下.
Let's clean it first.

一般的鑄鐵鍋表面都有一成草木灰或者碳粉
Usually cast iron woks will have a layer of wood ash or iron dust.

這些都是天然的對人體基本無害
These are all natural, doesn't really harm the human body.

我們只需要清理乾淨就可以
We just need to clean it and it'll be fine.

然後加入適量的清水多刷洗幾遍即可
Then add a modest amount of clean water, scrub/clean a few times and it's ready.


同學們由於這種土灶鍋的工藝比較特殊
Class, because of the unique design of the hearth-style wok 


適用生鐵匠其加熱至1500度融化成鐵水
The blacksmith heats has to about 1500 degrees until it's liquid metal.


然後再用模具壓製而成
Then using a cast, molds it into the appropriate shape for formation.

所以鍋面會有一些不軌整的紋路是非常正常的
Thus the inside of the wok will have uneven patterns and surfaces, this is normal.

下一步開始準備開鍋的材料
Next we will prepare the seasoning materials/ingredients.

首先我們準備一些綠色的植物
First we will prepare (obtain) a few green plants (canna lily leaves).

植物的種類不受限制
The plant type actually doesn't matter,

也可以採用野草或者竹葉
You can also use wild grass or bamboo leaves

青菜也可以
Even vegetables.

主要用於開鍋時的控溫
The purpose is to control the temperature during seasoning.

通俗一點來說就是降低鍋面的溫度
In layman's terms, to decrease the temperature of the wok surface.

下一步我們開始開鍋
Next we will start the seasoning process.

首先我們把鍋中的水份燒乾
First we heat the wok until the water has evaporated.

將鍋燒熱
Get the wok hot.

鍋燒熱之後用焦葉 (美人蕉) 在鍋中擦拭一遍
When the wok is hot, wipe the interior onceover with the lily leaves.

當鍋裡面溫度升至500度左右然後用豬的肥油塗抹均勻
Once the temperature hits about 500 degrees, coat the wok evenly with pig lard.

同學們注意這一類的生鐵鍋不能燒得太熱
Classmates please be aware, cast iron woks like this cannot be heated too high.

否則會有炸鍋的風險
Otherwise you will be in danger of an oil explosion.

然後加入清水清洗乾淨
Next add in clean water and rinse clean.

清洗乾淨之後再以此方式操作幾次即可完成
After rinsing, use the shown technique a few times and it's ready for the next step.

開鍋燒熱的途中可以用蕉葉塗抹溫度過高的地方以防止炸鍋
During the heating stage of seasoning, you can apply the lily leaves on the areas that are too hot to prevent oil explosions.

最後再均勻地抹上豬油即可
Lastly evenly coat on a layer of lard and it's complete.

一口非常完美的柴火灶就開鍋完成
One very beautiful hearth wok has been seasoned.

下面開始技術總節
Listed below is the technique summary.

第一, 一口好鍋必須在初期經過開鍋之後才能使用
Step 1, a good wok must be seasoned before usage.

第二, 開鍋的時候溫度不能太高, 一般只要不燒得發紅就可以
Step 2, when seasoning, do not overheat, as long as the wok doesn't burn red it should be fine.

第三, 用綠色植物降溫的目的是因為鍋的面積比較大, 鍋的中間溫度過高然後鍋邊的溫度不夠
Step 3, we use green plants to decrease the surface temperature because this wok has a large surface area, the center heats up faster than the edges.

第四, 此類的生鐵鍋最好使用豬油開鍋在所有油脂中豬油的吸附力相對被較強
Step 4, this type of cast iron wok is best seasoned with lard; of all the oil types, lard will form the strongest bonds comparatively speaking.

開鍋的技術總結完畢
Seasoning technique summary complete.

大家看一下這個鍋就是已經開好的
Please take a look at this seasoned wok.

然後這個鍋就是沒有開好的
Then look at this unseasoned wok.

大家可以看一下這個顏色是不一樣的
You can see that the colors are different.

我們這個菜買回來不能直接炒
These groceries we just bought, we can't immediately cook them.

必須要開一下
It must be seasoned first.

咱們本其視頻到此結束
Our videof or this week ends here.

拜拜
Bye bye!
