https://youtu.be/Ytyz6gK2okA

哈喽大家好我是王刚
Hello everyone this is Wang Gang.

本期视频为大家带来一道家常菜
In this video, I'll introduce a homestyle dish.

鸡丝凉面
"Jisi "liangmian" (shredded chicken with cold noodle)

首先我们准备土鸡半只
First we prepare half a local chicken.

将鸡翅和鸡腿取下之后剔下鸡脯肉
Take off the wings and legs, and then the chicken breast.

没有土鸡的同学可以用肉鸡代替
As a replacement, you may also use a broiler.

最好选择老鸡因为鸡越老鸡肉就越香
Old chicken is preferred because the older the chicken the more fragrant it is.

或者也可以直接在超市购买鸡脯肉
You can also buy chicken breast directly from supermarkets.

然后再将鸡腿肉取下
Then remove the meat from the chicken leg.

鸡腿肉取下之后必须将鸡皮扯下来
The skin of the chicken has to be pulled off after the leg is removed.

将鸡脯肉和鸡腿轻轻拍打几下之后下一步开始准备辅料
Lightly pat the breast and leg a few times. Next, prepare the side ingredients

准备生姜1小块拍散切成小块备用
Crush and then chop a small piece of ginger into small pieces.

准备大葱1根拍散之后切成小段备用
Crush and chop a spring onion into short chunks.

下一步我们开始处理鸡肉
Next we should process chicken.

首先我们在锅中加入适量的清水
First we add some water into the pot.

然后将鸡肉冷水下锅
Then put the chicken into the cold water in the wok.

再加入准备好的姜葱
Add the processed ginger and spring onions.

锅中加入适量的料酒将鸡肉煮10分钟
Add some cooking wine and cook the chicken for 10 minutes.

这一步的目的是将鸡肉煮至熟透方便扯丝
The purpose of this step is to cook the chicken until it is well cooked and ready to be shredded.

中途再撇去浮末
Then skim off the floating.

10分钟之后将煮熟的鸡肉倒出冷却备用
After 10 minutes, take out the chicken and set aside for cooling down

下一步开始准备辅料和面条
Next, we'll prepare the side ingredients and the noodle

准备青瓜2小段切成细丝备用
Shred two chunks of cucumber and set aside.

同学们也可以用绿豆芽焯水后做辅料
You can also use mung bean sprouts to blanch them as sides.

青瓜丝切好之后放入盘中备用
Shred the cucumber and put it onto a plate.

准备胡萝卜1小块切成细丝备用
Prepare small pieces of carrot and cut them into thin shreds.

同学们最好尽可能的切细一些
The carrot shreds should be as thin as possible

这样更美观口感更爽脆
So that it has better appearance and crispness.

最后再准备大葱一根
Finally, prepare a spring onion.

从中间划开之后切成葱丝备用
Cut into shredded onions after slicing in the middle.

嫌麻烦的同学可以直接用小葱切成段即可
If it is too troublesome for you, you may cut the scallions into chunks only.

然后将三丝按照各自喜好摆入盘中
Then put the three shreds onto the plate according to your own preference.

摆盘这一步可以完全按照喜好来不受限制
There are no restrictions on plating and you can simply your own.

下一步开始调料汁
Next step we start making condiment sauce.

首先我们在碗中加入花生酱15克
First, we add 15 grams of peanut butter into the bowl.

加入生抽酱油12克
Add 12 grams of soy sauce

加入晒醋3克（香醋陈醋都可以）
Add 3 grams of Shaicu (xiangcu vinegar or chencu can be used)

加入花椒油3克
Add 3 grams of Sichuan peppercorn oil

加入青花椒面1小半勺
Add 1/2 teaspoon of green Sichuan peppercorn powder

然后加入纯净水15克
Then add 15 grams of pure water.

加入纯净水之后将碗中的料汁搅拌均匀
Mix the sauce in the bowl evenly after adding the pure water.

然后准备几颗大蒜剁成蒜蓉放入碗中
Then mince some pieces of garlic and put it into a bowl.

碗中再加入1勺白糖
Add 1 teaspoon of sugar into the bowl

最后按照个人口味加入适量的香辣红油拌匀即可
Finally, add some spicy red oil according to your preference and mix well.

鸡肉凉透之后将其撕成细丝备用
Shred the chicken after cooling down

个人建议也可以用鸡腿制作
Chicken legs can also be used.

其实鸡腿的香味不必鸡胸肉差
Actually, the aroma of chicken leg is not worse than that of chicken breast.

下一步我开始处理面条
Next, we'll process the noodle

首先我们在锅中加入适量的清水
First, we add some water into the wok.

然后开大火烧开
Then boil it by full flame.

大火烧开之后加入准备好的碱水面下锅
When the water is boiled, add the prepared alkaline noodle into the wok.

碱水面下锅之后待其再次水开10秒钟即可倒出冷却
After that, cook it until the water boils again for 10 seconds. Then take it out and cool down.

因为碱水面不能久煮否则口感不够爽滑
as the alkaline noodle can't be boiled for a long time or the texture is affected.

面条捞出之后加入少许的菜籽油拌匀
Mix the noodle with a little bit of rapeseed oil.

冷却的过程中也可以用风扇或者物理降温
Fans or physical cooling can also be used during cooling.

一切都是追求美食生活的极致
Everything is the ultimate pursuit of gourmet life

比较懒的同学可以忽略
You can ignore this step if you are lazy.

面条冷却之后将其盘起来放入盘中
Cool the noodle, coil it and put it onto a plate.

同样懒的同学可以忽略
The same is lazier students can ignore it

然后加入撕好的鸡丝
Then add the shredded chicken.

将调好的料汁再次拌匀淋在面条上面即可
Mix the sauce well again and pour it onto the noodle.

淋好料汁后再放上一些香菜
Put some coriander on it after pouring the sauce.

一道清新脱俗的美味鸡丝凉面就制作完成
A very refreshing dish "liangmian" (shredded chicken with cold noodle) is thus complete.

下面开始技术总结

第一，鸡肉选老不选嫩，鸡腿也可以制作
First, old chicken is preferred over young ones.  Chicken legs can also be used.

第二，配菜辅料可以依据各自喜好添加
Second, vegetable accessories can be added according to your own preference.

第三，面条下锅不能久煮否则口感尽失
Thirdly, noodle should not be cooked for a long time or the texture will be seriously affected.

第四，料汁的比例也可以根据地区微调
Fourth, the proportion of the sauce can also be adjusted according to local customs and ingredients.

第五，勤快的同学完全可以放手一试美味就在你的面前
Fifth, do give it a try! The delicacy is right in front of you!

鸡丝凉面的技术总结完毕
That's all for the technical summary.
