https://youtu.be/dPKSrOm5hwQ

1.

同学们我们在杀鸡之前先准备一个小碗
Let's prepare a small bowl before butchering the checken

碗中加入适量的清水和食用盐
Add some water and salt into the bowl

加盐水放鸡血的目的是让鸡血凝固之后更嫩口感更好
This is because chicken blood coagulated in salted water is more tender

2.

然后我们准备本地黑鸡1只
Next, take a local black chicken

宰杀的时候将鸡血放入准备好的盐水碗中
Butcher the chicken by bloodletting into the bowl of salted water

因为公鸡体型较大且凶猛
As roosters are relatively big and fierce

所以建议在此过程中2人操作才能更加从容面对
It's recommended to operate in a team of two people, which gives you more control over the rooster

3.

放完血之后将鸡放入桶里面加入90度开水烫50秒
After bloodletting, scald the chicken in a pot with 90 degree Celsius hot water for 50 seconds

同学们切记开水不能到100度否则鸡皮容易烫烂
Note that do not use boiling water. Otherwise, the chicken skin may be broken

浸泡的时候尽量让公鸡不漏掉任何一个小细节
While scalding, do not miss any details of the rooster

4.

浸泡50秒钟之后再捞出仔细的拔掉所有鸡毛
After 50 seconds, take out the chicken and carefully remove all the feathers and furs

这里跟大家分享一个小窍门
Here, I'd like to share a tip with you

公鸡最好选择10个月以上的鸡
It's better to use a rooster of over 10 months old

否则肉不香且鸡毛也很难拔
Otherwise, the meat is less fragnant, and the features and furs are harder to remove

5.

鸡毛拔干净之后再用明火略烧一下
After that, slightly grill it with flame

这样可以去除公鸡表皮无法手工操作的细毛
to remove those tiny furs that are difficult to remove with hands

6.

下一步开始处理鸡身
Next, process the chicken body

首先用刀在鸡肚切开再掏出内脏清洗干净
First, open the chicken belly. Then take out the organs and cleanup the chicken

7. 然后将鸡腰，鸡胗，鸡肠，鸡心清洗干净备用
After that, clean up the kidneys, gizzards, intestines and heart and set aside

8.其中将鸡肠和鸡胗改刀切成小段和5毫米的厚片
Cut the intestine into short strips. Cut the gizzard into 5mm thin slices

9.

然后加入适量的食用盐抓洗3分钟后用清水清洗干净
After that, rub with salt for 3 minutes, and then rinse in water

这一步的目的是去除鸡肠和鸡胗的黏液跟腥味
This is for removing the mucus and odor from the intestine and gizzard

建议同学们最好能够保留这些内脏一起烹饪
It is recommended to keep these organs and cook them with the dish

10.

内脏处理好之后将鸡肉剁成稍微大些的块备用
Then chop the chicken into slightly large pieces and set aside

快炒的肉切细丝慢烹的鸡剁大块
Use fine julienne for a fast stir fry; Use large chunks for a slow cooking

这是烹饪界中永恒的定律
This is the rule of thumb in the culinary world

11.

鸡块砍好之后下一步开始准备辅料
After chopping, prepare the "Fu Liao" ("side ingredients")

准备魔芋一大块切成粗条备用
Cut a big piece of konjac into think strips and set aside

12.

准备土豆1个切成块备用
Dice a potato and set aside

准备鲜竹笋1根切成块备用
Dice a fresh bamboo shoot and set aside

没有鲜竹笋的同学可以用笋干发涨之后代替
As a replacement, you may use a dried bamboo shoot after soaking it

13.准备大红椒1个切成三角形片备用
Cut a red bell pepper into triangular pieces and set aside

14.下一步开始准备料头
Next, prepare the "Liao Tou" ("primary seasoning")

准备适量的老姜切成小粒备用
Dice some old ginger and set aside

准备1小把大蒜切成小粒备用
Dice a handful of garlic and set aside

同学们姜蒜可以适量的多一些能增加家常的香味
Note that you can use extra ginger and garlic for this dish, for a better home style fragnance

15.

准备适量的小米辣切成小粒备用
Dice some Xiaomila chili peppers and set aside

准备适量的红泡椒切碎备用
Dice some red pickled chilis and set aside

16.

下一步开始准备香辛料
Next, prepare the spices

碗中加入适量的干辣椒节备用
Add some dried chili pepper chunks into a bowl and set aside

再加入适量的桂皮，八角，和三奈
Then add some cinnamon, star anise and sand ginger

同学们图文中所有辅料的“适量”都跟鸡的体重挂钩
Note that the amounts of all these ingredients depend on the weight of the chicken

所以无法统一给出一个量的标准
So we can't give exact numbers here

17.

下一步开始上锅操作
Next, we'll start cooking with the wok

首先我们在锅中加入适量的清水
First, let's add a moderate amount of water into the wok

18.加入1勺食用盐
Add a spoon of salt  # "teaspoon" 貌似算个精确单位，这里还是用含糊的单位吧

19.

然后将处理好的魔芋土豆竹笋下锅焯水
Then blanch the konjac, potato and bamboo shoot in the wok

这一步的目的是去除食材的生味和苦涩味
This is for removing the raw and bitter taste of these ingredients

20.焯好水之后再捞出沥干水份备用
After blanching, take them out, drain them and set them aside

21.

下一步开始制作
Next, cooking

首先我们把锅烧热
First, heat up the wok

锅烧热之后加入小小的“宽油”（菜籽油）
Then add in a lesser version of "Kuan You" ("broad oil") (rapeseed oil)

22.

将菜油烧至6成热之后加入适量的青花椒和姜蒜小米辣
Heat the oil to 60% hot. Then add in some green Sichuan peppercorns, ginger, garlic and xiaomila chili peppers

然后加入配好的干辣椒和香料爆香
Then add in and fry the setaside dried chili and spices for fragnance

23.

料头爆香之后将剁好的公鸡下锅砖小火煸炒3分钟
After that, add in the chopped chicken and stir fry over low heat for 3 minutes

这一步的目的是把公鸡水份爆干炒香
This is for dehydrating the chicken and making it aromatic

24.

3分钟之后加入切好的红泡椒
3 minutes later, add in the red pickled chili dices

再加入适量的红油豆瓣酱翻炒均匀
Also add some Doubanjiang (chili oil bean paste) and toss it evenly

25.豆瓣酱炒香之后再加入适量的清水
After that, add in a moderate amount of water

26.再将准备好的辅料下锅（魔芋，土豆，竹笋）
And add in all the "Fu Liao" (konjac, potato, bamboo shoot)

27.辅料下锅之后盖上锅盖减少柴火焖煮20分钟
Then put on the lid, reduce the amount of firewood and braise it for 20 minutes

28.

趁这个时候我们来制作包谷粑粑
Now it's the time to make some corn "baba" (cakes)

首先我们在碗中加入适量的包谷粉（玉米粉）
First, add some cornmeal into a bowl

加入适量的面粉
Add some flour

加入少许的小苏打
Add a little baking soda

29.再加入适量的清水将其和成不干不湿的小面团
Then add in a moderate amount of water, and make it into a dough with the right hydration

30.

烧至15分钟的时候揭开锅盖加入适量的生抽酱油
After 15 minutes of braising, open the lid and add in some light soy sauce

然后加入适量的食用盐调咸味
Also add in some salt for saltiness

31.调好味之后将切好的红椒下锅翻炒均匀
After that, add in the red bell pepper and toss it evenly

32.

最后再将调好的包谷粑顺手粘在锅边
Finally, stick the corn babas to the wok

同学们也可以像我这样随心所欲的将其“哒”在锅边上（注：“哒”甩）
Alternatively, you guys may toss it on the side of the wok

33.

然后盖上锅盖总共烧够20分钟即可出锅
Then put on the lid. With 20 minutes of total braising time, it's ready to serve

同学们需要注意后半部全程都必须小火
Note that the latter half of the cooking must be on low heat

34.最后撒上香菜即可出锅
Finally, top it with some cilantro to finish

35.一道非常美味的柴火鸡就制作完成！
Now, a very delicious dish of "Chaihuo Ji" ("firewood chicken") is complete!

柴火鸡的技术总结
Technical summary of "Chaihuo Ji" ("firewood chicken")

第一，公鸡最好选择土鸡且生长周期10个月以上
1. It's better to use a naturally raised rooster over 10 months old  # "土鸡" 怎么翻译...?

第二，所有的辅料都可以实行一个原则“想吃什么就放什么”
2. For the "Fu Liao" ("auxiliary ingredients"), the rule of thumb is "add whatever you want to eat"

第三，竹笋必须下锅事先焯水否则味道苦涩
3. The bamboo shoot must be blanched to avoid bitterness

第四，此菜不能加鸡精味精否则会强压笋的鲜味
4. Do not add any MSG or chicken broth powder. Otherwise, the umami taste of the bamboo shoot is covered

柴火鸡技术总结完毕！
That's all for the technical summary of "Chaihuo Ji" ("firewood chicken")!
